now Samson went down to Timna and saw a
now Samson went down to Timna and saw a woman in Timna of the daughters of the
woman in Timna of the daughters of the
woman in Timna of the daughters of the Philistines so he went up and told his
Philistines so he went up and told his
Philistines so he went up and told his father and mother I have seen a woman in
father and mother I have seen a woman in
father and mother I have seen a woman in Timna of the daughters of the
Timna of the daughters of the
Timna of the daughters of the Philistines
Philistines
Philistines now therefore get her for me as a wife
now therefore get her for me as a wife
now therefore get her for me as a wife is there no woman among the daughters of
is there no woman among the daughters of
is there no woman among the daughters of your brethren or among all my people
your brethren or among all my people
your brethren or among all my people that you must go and get a wife from the
that you must go and get a wife from the
that you must go and get a wife from the uncircumcised Philistines get her for me
uncircumcised Philistines get her for me
uncircumcised Philistines get her for me for she pleases me well
but his father and mother did not know
but his father and mother did not know that it was of the Lord that he was
that it was of the Lord that he was
that it was of the Lord that he was seeking an occasion to move against the
seeking an occasion to move against the
seeking an occasion to move against the Philistines for at that time the
Philistines for at that time the
Philistines for at that time the Philistines had dominion over Israel
Philistines had dominion over Israel
Philistines had dominion over Israel so Samson went down to Timna with his
so Samson went down to Timna with his
so Samson went down to Timna with his father and mother and came to the
father and mother and came to the
father and mother and came to the vineyards of Timna now to his surprise a
vineyards of Timna now to his surprise a
vineyards of Timna now to his surprise a young lion came roaring against him and
young lion came roaring against him and
young lion came roaring against him and the Spirit of the Lord came mightily
the Spirit of the Lord came mightily
the Spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him and he tore the line apart as
upon him and he tore the line apart as
upon him and he tore the line apart as one would have torn apart a younger
one would have torn apart a younger
one would have torn apart a younger though he had nothing in his hand but he
though he had nothing in his hand but he
though he had nothing in his hand but he did not tell his father or his mother
did not tell his father or his mother
did not tell his father or his mother what he had done then he went down and
what he had done then he went down and
what he had done then he went down and talked with the woman and she pleased
talked with the woman and she pleased
talked with the woman and she pleased Sampson well after some time when he
Sampson well after some time when he
Sampson well after some time when he returned to get her he turned aside to
returned to get her he turned aside to
returned to get her he turned aside to see the carcass of alive and behold a
see the carcass of alive and behold a
see the carcass of alive and behold a swarm of bees and honey were in the
swarm of bees and honey were in the
swarm of bees and honey were in the carcass of the lion he took some of it
carcass of the lion he took some of it
carcass of the lion he took some of it in his hands and went along eating
in his hands and went along eating
in his hands and went along eating when he came to his father and mother he
when he came to his father and mother he
when he came to his father and mother he gave some to them and they also ate but
gave some to them and they also ate but
gave some to them and they also ate but he did not tell them that he had taken
he did not tell them that he had taken
he did not tell them that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion
the honey out of the carcass of the lion
the honey out of the carcass of the lion so his father went down to the woman and
so his father went down to the woman and
so his father went down to the woman and Samson gave a feast there for young men
Samson gave a feast there for young men
Samson gave a feast there for young men used to do so and it happened when they
used to do so and it happened when they
used to do so and it happened when they saw him that they brought thirty
saw him that they brought thirty
saw him that they brought thirty companions to be with him
companions to be with him
companions to be with him then Samson said to them let me pose a
then Samson said to them let me pose a
then Samson said to them let me pose a riddle to you if you can correctly solve
riddle to you if you can correctly solve
riddle to you if you can correctly solve and explain it to me within the seven
and explain it to me within the seven
and explain it to me within the seven days of the feast then I will give you
days of the feast then I will give you
days of the feast then I will give you 30 linen garments and 30 changes of
30 linen garments and 30 changes of
30 linen garments and 30 changes of clothing but if you cannot explain it to
clothing but if you cannot explain it to
clothing but if you cannot explain it to me then you shall give me 30 linen
me then you shall give me 30 linen
me then you shall give me 30 linen garments and 30 changes of clothing pose
garments and 30 changes of clothing pose
garments and 30 changes of clothing pose your riddle that we may hear it out of
your riddle that we may hear it out of
your riddle that we may hear it out of the eater came something to eat and out
the eater came something to eat and out
the eater came something to eat and out of the strong came something sweet now
of the strong came something sweet now
of the strong came something sweet now for three days they could not explain
for three days they could not explain
for three days they could not explain the riddle but it came to pass on the
the riddle but it came to pass on the
the riddle but it came to pass on the seventh day that they said to Samson's
seventh day that they said to Samson's
seventh day that they said to Samson's wife entice your husband that he may
wife entice your husband that he may
wife entice your husband that he may explain the riddle to us or else we will
explain the riddle to us or else we will
explain the riddle to us or else we will burn you and your father's house with
burn you and your father's house with
burn you and your father's house with fire have you invited us in order to
fire have you invited us in order to
fire have you invited us in order to take what is ours
take what is ours
take what is ours is that not so
[Music]
[Music] then Samson's wife wept on it
then Samson's wife wept on it
then Samson's wife wept on it you only hate me you do not love me
you only hate me you do not love me
you only hate me you do not love me you have posed a riddle to the sons of
you have posed a riddle to the sons of
you have posed a riddle to the sons of my people but you have not explained it
my people but you have not explained it
my people but you have not explained it to me look I have not explained it to my
to me look I have not explained it to my
to me look I have not explained it to my father or my mother
father or my mother
father or my mother so should I explain it to you now she
so should I explain it to you now she
so should I explain it to you now she had wept on him the seven days while
had wept on him the seven days while
had wept on him the seven days while their feast lasted and it happened on
their feast lasted and it happened on
their feast lasted and it happened on the seventh day that he told her because
the seventh day that he told her because
the seventh day that he told her because she pressed him so much then she
she pressed him so much then she
she pressed him so much then she explained the riddle to the sons of her
explained the riddle to the sons of her
explained the riddle to the sons of her people so the men of the city said to
people so the men of the city said to
people so the men of the city said to him on the seventh day before the Sun
him on the seventh day before the Sun
him on the seventh day before the Sun went down what is sweeter than honey and
went down what is sweeter than honey and
went down what is sweeter than honey and what is stronger than a lion and he said
what is stronger than a lion and he said
what is stronger than a lion and he said to them if you had not plowed with my
to them if you had not plowed with my
to them if you had not plowed with my heifer you would have not solved my
heifer you would have not solved my
heifer you would have not solved my riddle then the Spirit of the Lord came
riddle then the Spirit of the Lord came
riddle then the Spirit of the Lord came upon him mightily and he went down to
upon him mightily and he went down to
upon him mightily and he went down to Ashkelon and killed and made the changes
Ashkelon and killed and made the changes
Ashkelon and killed and made the changes of clay to those who had explained the
of clay to those who had explained the
of clay to those who had explained the riddle
riddle
riddle so his anger was aroused and he went
so his anger was aroused and he went
so his anger was aroused and he went back up to his father's house and
back up to his father's house and
back up to his father's house and Samson's wife was given to his companion
Samson's wife was given to his companion
Samson's wife was given to his companion who had been his best man